this is a big night for us this program
that you are watching tonight happens to
be our three thousandth show
[Applause]
[Music]
and that was the extent of our
celebration that was where our 17th
anniversary is on Sunday which is crazy
so much has happened over the last 17
years I grew a beard
oh the Hachem oh I discovered in our
parking lot blossomed into a fully grown
adorable man happy number 3000
we're mama is there anything you would
like to say to America on this special
occasion our show our three thousandth
show thank you for watching the show
everybody and I wish my Uncle Frank were
here and Thank You Jimmy I wish she was
here to it I want to just say that he
was my Uncle Frank not yours but I'm
happy to share him with you yeah thank
you everybody
[Applause]
without you you know it's going through
some things today and I happen upon some
reviews of our first show we did we
premiered on January 26 2003 after the
Super Bowl is a Sunday night a lot of
people were watching and these are the
reviews I woke up to the next morning
Casey you want to hear these are okay
here we go from the Hollywood Reporter
you expect that with any show
particularly one broadcast live there
are going to be little glitches and
technical flubs and in that respect
Kimmel didn't disappoint what is hard to
overlook was the aimlessness of the
entire production the disorganization of
the hosts and the overall lack of
anything remotely resembling humor it's
been reported that Kimmel has a budget
for writers but nothing in the premiere
indicated and he had been hired that was
just one opinion let's see what Variety
thought Variety says Kimmel at every
turn appeared unprepared
that's bad right to beyond repair and
the paper of record the failing New York
Times said perhaps no late-night
television show should be too exciting
its viewers after all are presumably
hoping to drift off to sleep shortly but
the producers of the ABC talk show Jimmy
Kimmel Live have taken that notion too
far we took it for 3,000 shows
[Applause]
I didn't I hated the magic time but the
reviews were totally right I don't know
how we're still on the air you know
3,000 shows ago Donald Trump wasn't even
on The Apprentice yet he was still doing
Pizza commercials and now he's the star
of a very popular impeachment trial
which started today in the United States
for notes wearing impartial justice
even though Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell openly has amenity is not an
impartial juror and has been
coordinating everything he does with the
White House he also proposed a crazy
schedule that would have given each side
24 hours over two days which would have
meant the arguments would go on well
into the night when nobody was awake to
see them people online started calling
him midnight Mitch yesterday midnight
makan artist mid midnight to cover up
Putin's a little Mitch everything you
can imagine
McConnell reportedly wants to get the
trial wrapped up in 10 days so Trump can
take a victory lap at his State of the
Union address on February 4th
unless that under the rules going
forward the trial won't even begin until
1:00 p.m. every day which seems a little
bit late but in fairness that is how
long it takes Senator McConnell to get
to the Senate floor he's especially if
he stops to nibble some lettuce along
the way but the big question is whether
or not the Senate is going to call
witnesses McConnell wants no witnesses
because you know witnesses are the ones
who saw the crime so no good can come of
hearing from them
he and his fellow Republicans keep
saying that they're following the
template established in the Clinton
impeachment trial even though this trial
is very different Bill Clinton for Bill
Clinton had sex with one person Donald
Trump's school screwed a whole country
it was and is expected to be
Chuck Schumer made the Democrat in
charge who proposed three amendments
that got shot down one of them to ask
the White House for documents the
Republican majority voted against that
then he proposed a second amendment to
subpoena documents from the State
Department that also got next by the
Republicans as did the third their hope
is to have as little evidence introduced
as possible Trump's lawyer this guy Pat
Cipollone he said it's ridiculous
Democrats want to call witnesses and
claim that witnesses in the hearing in
the house were threatened and he's right
they were witnesses were threatened by
Donald Trump he threatened the witnesses
on Twitter while they were testifying
but I don't blame these Trump lawyers
for trying they don't really have much
of a defense a nut uh I mean one of what
at Trump's other lawyer Jay Sekulow all
he was left with the defense wise was
this what happened in the past we should
just ignore well that's right Oh Jay is
at home going I agree with that I really
Trump's defense team isn't even denying
that he did was accused of they just say
it doesn't rise to the level of
impeachment which is like Jeffrey Dahmer
arguing it didn't rise to the level of
cannibalism so this afternoon Trump
tweeted read the transcripts for this is
the 35th time he's tweet unfortunately
for him we did read the transcripts
that's why he's on trial right now and
the truth is these Republican senators
who all voted against the peening the
documents from the budget offer these
are the documents that likely would
prove that Trump ordered them to
withhold the money was supposed to go to
Ukraine they don't care about evidence
they know he's guilty the fact that
Donald Trump did this is as clear as
Donald juniors head that's why they
don't want you to see any more evidence
and if you have a problem with that
which you should no matter what side
you're on the best thing you can do is
vote go to vote gov and use this mockery
of our democracy
and in the meantime it's a small
consolation these senators are gonna be
locked in that room for quite a while
they're not allowed to leave the chamber
during the trial attendance is mandatory
and they're not allowed to bring phones
or electronic devices in with one
exception Ted Cruz will be provided with
an iPad so he can quietly watch porn but
that's it
nobody the Senators are also not allowed
to speak to each other so they have to
pass notes and they're only allowed to
drink water or milk the same rules I
have for my five and two-year-old
children why do I feel like
vice-president pence had something to do
with the milk rule meanwhile there's a
there's a conservative political action
committee called American Action Network
that's been running these commercials in
swing states starring a suburban teacher
and a housewife named Stacy and Stacy is
so disappointed with her local
representatives focus on impeachment she
felt she had no choice but to speak out
the only problem with Stacy is actually
an actress who somehow simultaneously
lives in New York New Jersey Nevada Iowa
Utah Pennsylvania New Mexico Maine and
Virginia there's so many issues they
should be working on it's so
disappointing
I just wish max Rose would let us decide
the elections and get to work on the
issues that matter there's so many
issues they should be working on it's so
disappointing
I just wish Andy Kim would let us decide
the elections and get to work on the
issues that matter
I just wish Susie Lee would let us
decide the elections I just wish the
Abbey think an hour with the US decide
the election I just wish Ben McAdams I
just wish Matt Cartwright Anthony
Brindisi Jared golden Elaine Lirio
Abigail Spann burger I just wish that
Xochitl Torrez small with the US decide
the elections and get to work on the
issues that matter and better name's not
even Stacie probably it's probably Olga
from obscure something and while all
this is going on the president is in
Switzerland
for the World Economic Forum in Davos
why we let them leave the country while
he's on trial I don't know he's clearly
a flight risk but they did and the
president isn't letting the impeachment
get him down today he used his time at
the podium to tell his fellow world
leaders just what they wanted to hear
that
America is winning like never before
we're continuing to work on things that
you'll be hearing about in the near
future that even today sitting here
right now you wouldn't believe it's
possible that we have found the answers
you'll be hearing about it but we have
found answers to things that people said
would not be possible I know now if
you'll excuse me we need to go come up
with that he doesn't realize he's the
thing we didn't think was possible he
also said that when it comes to climate
change we should stop being so negative
and embraced optimism that's great
thanks 73 year old man what are you
worried about I'll be dead in 20 years
be optimistic he did announce that the
United States will join an initiative to
plant more trees part of they're trying
to plant a trillion trees which is
positive although why do I suspect most
of those trees will be part of the
landscaping at the Trump International
Golf resorts you know according to a new
poll by CNN a slight majority of
Americans 51% of Americans say the
Senate should remove Trump from office
this impeachment is probably going to
turn out to be the biggest political
story of our lives but I wonder how
closely people are following so this
afternoon we went out to the street Lee
asked people I know we asked people how
they voted on Trump's impeachment today
now only senators get to vote on that
but did that stop people from claiming
they voted it went to the ballot box
today let's find out in a new
impeachment edition of lie witness news
today about the big impeachment vote
against president shop how did you vote
did you vote to impeach or not to
impeach I voted to impeach one of the
lines like at your polling place there
were absolutely not as long as I thought
that would be unfortunately have you
boated in presidential impeachments in
the past first time and how did it feel
I think it felt empowering just speak my
voice and what would you tell people who
haven't gone out to vote yet today look
right then tell your vote is your voice
you got to get out there and speak your
mind how do the lines at your polling
place pretty pads and how did you vote
did you vote for the impeachment or
again voted against the impeach man
against him yeah yeah everybody needs a
second chance and we all make mistakes
what would you say to people who haven't
yet gone out and voted on the
impeachment today um I tell them your
vote counts I guess you know even in
fictional elections even in fictional
essence how did you vote on the
impeachment vote today did you vote for
impeachment or against it I vote against
it then did you do a mailing vote no you
voted out here I think so yeah
so how did you guys vote on the
impeachment did you vote to impeach the
president or not a future oh not to
impeach nots impeach you go to now did
you go to your polling place you just
text your boat to McConnell I guess I
just texted McConnell text in the car
yeah so the people who didn't bother to
text their vote to Mitch McConnell let
him know how important their vote is
well your voice matters now Donald Trump
could save this nation if you don't vote
no to keep Donald Trump in the office
you know this nation is honor I so make
your voice heard what we who's the best
person out there and we'll see where
this election goes in that and Mitch
McConnell see what you see but send back
boy so you guys are the future right yes
yes definitely always gotta be heard
everything in that Oh Eagle Scouts yep
we are the next leaders of this nation
okay before you go let me hear the
official Eagle Scout call
Thank You Scouts hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel
give back this holiday season in a fun
way by my new book the serious goose I
wrote it and through it all of my ma
goes to children's hospitals across the
country or watch another gaming video
and don't help kids it's up to you